add a note re selectorless services and proxy (#29752)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

In the example above, traffic is routed to the single endpoint defined in
the YAML: `192.0.2.42:9376` (TCP).

{{< note >}}

> api-server does not allow proxying to endpoints that are not mapped to pods. Actions such as

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The Kubernetes API server does not allow proxying to endpoints that are not mapped to pods. Actions such as
```
or, simplifying the logic:
```suggestion
The Kubernetes API server only allow proxyings to endpoints that map to pods. Actions such as
```
We'd write “API server” or kube-apiserver, but not api-server.

`kubectl proxy <service-name>` where the service is without a selector will fail due to this 

> constraint. This is due to security constraint where api-server can be used to proxy to external
> endpoints where the caller may not have access to but api-server does. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
constraint.

This restriction avoids the risk of attempted privilege escalation, where a user tries
to proxy via the API server to reach endpoints where the caller may not have access but the API
server does. 
```
?

> endpoints where the caller may not have access to but api-server does. 

Reviewer 2: you only replaced one api-server by `Kubernetes API server` , this lines still have `api-server does`

In the example above, traffic is routed to the single endpoint defined in
the YAML: `192.0.2.42:9376` (TCP).

{{< note >}}
The Kubernetes API server does not allow proxying to endpoints that are not mapped to 

> pods. Actions such as `kubectl proxy <service-name>` where the service is without a 

Reviewer 3: s/is without a/has no/

> selector will fail due to this constraint. This is due to security constraint where 

Reviewer 3: I'd say "This prevents the Kubernetes API server from being used as a proxy to endpoints the caller may not be authorized to access."
